--- Page 1 ---
 
 
EUROPEAN COMMISSION 
 
 
Middle East, Asia and Pacific (INTPA C) 
Finance and Contracts (INTPA C 04) 
 
Restricted procedure 
 
Brussels - Belgium, 28/07/2026 
 
Sander-Bob de Jong  
Fairfood International 
Mauritskade 64 
1092AD Amsterdam 
NL-Netherlands 
 
 
Call for proposals: EuropeAid/184950/DH/ACT/Multi 
 SWITCH-Asia Programme - Scaling up Sustainable Consumption 
and Production under Global Gateway 
  
Application reference: NDICI ASIA/2026/184950/78 
 aGROWForests+: Nature -Positive Agroforestry and Green Value 
Chains in Indonesia  
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
With reference to the above application and having evaluated your full application and 
checked the documents in support of the eligibility of  your organisation , possible co -
beneficiary(ies) and affiliated entity(ies), I am pleased to inform you that the contracting 
authority has decided that your application may be awarded a grant for a maximum of 
EUR 3.000.000, representing 75% of the total eligible cost of the action. 
In the course of the procedure the EU Validation Services of REA may contact you via 
the Participant Register and ask for supporting documents with respect to the legal 
existence, status and financial data of your organisation (Participant Identification Code 
(PIC) validation). All communications with the EU Validation Services will take place 
through the F&T portal. 
A grant contract between the contracting authority and your o rganisation will now be 
prepared. For this purpose, you are kindly requested to submit the information and 
documents detailed below. 
 Please note that this letter does not give you the right to the grant. You will not acquire 
that right until both parties have signed the grant contract and then your right will depend 
upon the terms of the contract. 
• Contractual expenditure verification 
For the part of the action supported by way of reimbursement of costs, a report on the 
verification of the action's expend iture, produced by an approved practitioner who meets 
the specific conditions of the terms of reference for the expenditure verification (see 
--- Page 2 ---
2 
Annex G of the guidelines for applicants, Annex VII of the standard grant contract) is 
required in accordance with Article 2.8 of the general conditions of the grant contract. 
Please communicate the name and address of the proposed practitioner. 
• Self-evaluation questionnaire on SEA-H 
The lead applicant as well as all co -applicants and affiliated entities other than (i) natural 
persons (ii) pillar-assessed entities and (iii) governments and other public bodies shall fill 
in the self -evaluation questionnaire asses sing the organisation’s internal policy and 
procedures against sexual exploitation, abuse and harassment (SEA -H) (Annex L) (see 
Section 2.5.6 of the practical guide).  
 
Modifications to the description of the action and/or the budget 
Please note that, in a ccordance with Section 6.5.10. 3 of the PRAG, prior to signing the 
contract, the budget proposed for the action may be corrected to remove any obvious 
arithmetical errors or ineligible costs. The description of the action is corrected 
accordingly if need be. 
The contracting authority may decide that other clarifications or minor corrections may 
be made to the description of the action or to the budget in so far as they do relate to 
matters clearly identified by the evaluation committee or aim at taking into consideration 
changes that have occurred since the date of receipt of the proposal.  
None of these final corrections shall call into question the grant award decision or be 
contrary to the equal treatment of applicants.  
These amendments cannot lead to an increase in either the amount of the grant or the 
percentage of the co-financing fixed by the evaluation committee for the European Union 
contribution. 
During the evaluation of your application, the following point(s) of the description of the 
action and/or the budget raised concerns: 
o Official documentation on the legal merger between Fairfood and Solidaridad 
shall be provided for eligibility checks ahead of the possible signing of the grant contract, 
as per the Guidelines for grant applicants. 
o The mandatory conditions for giving financial support to third parties shall be 
clarified in compliance with the Guidelines for grant applicants (section 2.1.3). 
o The source and modalities of the co-financing shall be clarified. 
o The EU Delegation may al so contact you with further detailed point(s) of the 
description of the action and/or the budget that the Evaluation Committee recommended 
for further modifications. 
Please review the proposal accordingly and submit with the required modifications. 
 
 
--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Starting date of the action 
The starting date of the action corresponds to the beginning of the eligibility period of the 
costs (i.e. the implementation period). Please note that the Special Conditions to the grant 
contract, Article 2.2 (or the relevant pr ovisions of the Contribution Agreement)  foresee 
options for the starting date.  Please communicate the starting date of the action in 
accordance with one of those options. 
Payment instalments 
The payment instalments will be indicated in Article 4 of the grant contract in accordance 
with Article 15.1 of the general conditions of the grant contract  (or the relevant 
provisions of the Contribution Agreement, where applicable).  
Qualified Electronic Signature (QES) 
To facilitate the contract preparation, kindly confirm as soon as possible whether you are 
able to sign the contract using a Qualified Electronic Signature (QES). Please note that 
only the QES within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 910/2014 (eIDAS Regulat ion) 
will be accepted1. 
Documents signed with a QES benefit from the highest level of security and legal 
certainty under the eIDAS Regulation. You can find more background information here: 
https://ec.europa.eu/cefdigital/wiki/display/CEFDIGITAL/eSignature+-+Businesses. 
It is recommended that you check the QES signature and the validity of your certificate 
before sending back the countersigned document. Please use one of the following tools: 
- DSS Demonstration validation tool available at 
https://ec.europa.eu/cefdigital/DSS/webapp-demo/validation to check the validity of a 
certificate by indicating the number and type of valid signatures in a document. 
- Adobe Acrobat Reader: https://helpx.adobe.com/be_en/acrobat/using/validating-digital-
signatures.html  
- EU Trusted List Browser can be consulted in order to check whether the electronic 
signature provider and the trust service it provides are part of European Union Trusted 
List: https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/tl-browser/#/ 
To make sure you use a QES that is compliant with the eIDAS Regulation, you need to 
check that both the service provider and the qualified certificate generation service used 
are included in the EU Trusted List Browser.  
In case you do not have the possibility to sign the contract using QES, a hand -written 
(“blue ink”) signature and date will be accepted. 
 
 
1 Regulation (EU) No 910/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on electronic 
identification and trust services for electronic transactions in the internal market and repealing Directive 
1999/93/EC. 
--- Page 4 ---
4 
Important notice 
In order to proceed as soon as possible with the preparation of the contract, we would 
like to ask you to send us the requested information within 15 days from the date of this 
letter to the following address , with a copy by e -mail to INTPA-SWITCH-
ASIA@ec.europa.eu: 
Directorate-General for International Partnerships 
Rue de la Loi, 41 
1049 
Brussels - Belgium 
for the attention of the Head of Unit Middle East, Asia and Pacific (INTPA C). 
Note that the Contracting Authority may not be in a position to  finalise the preparation of  
the contract if the required details are not submitted within the specified time limit. The 
contract must be signed by the two parties by 31/12/2026 at the latest. 
Please acknowledge the receipt of this letter by sending an e -mail to INTPA-
SWITCH-ASIA@ec.europa.eu. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
Sebastian MOLINA MUNOZ 
Substitute chairperson 